Add [x]Props to Tree component (#2022)
iTwin/iTwinUI: .changeset/cuddly-tools-joke.md

---
"@itwin/itwinui-react": minor
---

> Added optional `labelProps`, `iconProps`, `sublabelProps`, and `checkboxProps` to `TreeNode` component. Added `iconProps` to `TreeNodeExpander`.

Reviewer: changeset can be updated as follows:

```suggestion
Added optional props to `TreeNode` for customization: `nodeProps`, `contentProps`, `labelProps`, `titleProps`, `sublabelProps`, `checkboxProps`, `iconProps`, `expanderProps` and `subTreeProps`.
```

also PR description can be updated.

Reviewer 2: Committed the suggestion and updated the PR description.
